Task -1
1.What do you mean by git and GitHub?
 Git:
 Git is a free, open-source tool which is used to track changes to source code over a period of time. A Distributed Version Control System, that means every machine will have its own copy of the repository, in which changes to code are stored locally. it is useful in coordinating work among multiple people working on a project
GitHub:
 GitHub is a cloud-based Git repository hosting service. While Git is a command line tool, GitHub provides a web-based graphical interface. It provides various different features that make it easy for a team to work collaboratively on a project.
2. Why GitHub is so popular and used in most of the projects?
 GitHub is popular because it is a web-based service which provides cloud storage for source code. It has an immensely powerful community and a very large user base thus making it the world's largest software development platform.
3. What is a version control system? How Git is a VCS?
         A Version Control System is a Source Code Management tool that records the changes made to a file and helps in maintaining version history, hence enabling recalling of earlier specific versions later on Git is a VCS because it provides  change history of a file and branching and merging features.
4. What are the other platforms similar to GitHub?
                      I.        Source Forge
                     II.        Bit Bucket Cloud
                   III.        Loud Source Repositories
                  IV.        Apache Allura
                    V.        Git Karken
                  VI.        Aws Code Commit
5. Why are you interested in learning of Git and Github?
           Git simplifies the process of working with other people and makes it easy to collaborate on projects. This allows multiple people to work on the same files at the same time. This helps me to boost my career and improve my knowledge.

Task -2
Hello Everyone,
My name is Gaushik.I am a final year student in Amrita University.
https://github.com/Gaushik-007/git_tutorials
1.How git work flow works?
 	   The idea of git work flow is simple. There is one central repository. Each developer clones the repo, work locally on the code, make commits with the changes, and push it to central repository. In simple we can say from workspace to index, index to local repository, local repository to remote repository.
2.what are the different stages of a git project as commit, add?
    	Commit add the file to workplace to the index. Minus u is a syntax that is needed. When we give command to execute git, it commit all the files from index to local repository. By giving commit it is already a part of repository.
3.Is it possible to do git commit before git add. If you have made any changes? Explain why?
   	No, because first of we have to do git add to save the changes and then git commit. Till now I have not made such changes.
4. Why is git diff used?
   	Diff command is used in git to track the difference between the changes made on a file. Since Git is a version control system, tracking changes are something very vital to it. Diff command takes two inputs and reflects the differences between them. It is not necessary that these inputs are files only.
5. Can we leave the commit message as blank?
   	Git generally requires a non-empty message because providing a meaningful commit message is part of good development practice and good repository stewardship.
